Tip number three I call this the cheap nothing left.
This is something that I experimented with through my hosting experience and it's one of my favorite
Airbnb hacks.
Now when is the cheap nothing gift when you have agast they're paying you to stay in your place if you
want to make sure that they have a good time.
One of the things you can do is you can buy them a gift a gift feels very personal.
It feels as if all of a sudden it's not a hotel it's a relationship that I'm having with my host.
It kind of almost reverses the dynamic between the host and the guest and it's almost like people forget
who's paying who I used to joke about how I can buy a gift for one of my guests give it to them.
And it's almost as if now I'm paying them to stay or something like that.
You know that's how they feel they feel like oh wow what a privilege.
Now why don't I call it the cheap nothing.
Because the point is the intention if you give them a gift that is enough in and of itself to make them
feel like this is a great stay you really don't need to spend a lot of money on the gift.
So what I would do is I would give a bottle of wine and glasses to my guests the wine.
I would always pick the same wine I'd buy in bulk.
So if I knew before the month was starting I knew that I had nine guests I'd buy nine bottles of wine.
When you buy them in bulk they get significantly cheaper.
You can buy them at Costco.
I suggest you buy something that you like or has some kind of regional connection because that's going
to make it more personal because you can write a note next to it or explain to them this is why I bought
it.
Not just I just bought a random bottle of wine wine that I picked as one of my favorites it's a Zinfandel.
I mean I live in San Francisco and we live right next to Napa Valley and the Zen I got was from Lodi
Valley load of Olives outside of Napa Valley one of the great things about that as I can say oh this
comes from Lodi.
You've never heard of it.
Well that's because I'm a local.
I know what's better than Napa Valley.
LODI valleys the cheap wine.
So that makes it sound like oh they found a secret.
You know wow if I lived anywhere else so no you got me some expensive large vineyard.
But this person lives here and knows the ins and outs of it.
That's not necessarily true it's just it is a good wine you can also get very very good wine in Napa.
I picked wine as my cheap nothing gift because previously I'd mentioned this in the course.
It's kind of an experience smoother if they have bumps in the road throughout their stay.
When you do give them a gift it makes them feel a lot better.
But also wine people are always going to have a good time if they're drunk especially if you have couples
like so if you have a honeymoon or you have an old couple coming in they drink wine and all of a sudden
they're just having a fantastic time especially great if they have the case where you might have guessed
who you are kind of wondering if they're going to give you a negative review.
Maybe they're a little prickly.
Watch their guards come down if you give them a bottle of wine.
And if you're worried about you know what happens if I give them the wine they don't drink it while
you still get the bonus of the gift.
Then you get the bottle of wine back and you give it to the next guest.
And then also what I usually would do is I would I bought what's called a Houdini.
Now add this and the reference it is the easiest way I've ever encountered to open a bottle of wine.
There's really no struggle with it at all.
It's just that when you clamp around the neck and you press the button down you press the button up
and it's open.
And so what I would do and I give the gift to them as I put that right next to it with two wine glasses
so I'm trying to make this as frictionless as possible if they're ever setting in the room or setting
in the apartment and they have five minutes someone's probably going to play with the Houdini open it
and drink it.
And that's what I want.
I want them to have a good time.
And so I think consuming the bottle of wine is a good time also big plus they always drink like half
the wine and so when I would come in the next day as long as they corked it then I got to drink the
wine.
It was almost like free wine with that.
I call it the cheap nothing because that bottle you don't end up being like I said previously I rent
out my apartment for $400 a night.
What's a bottle of wine like $8 and you buy it and bowl so you can get the cheaper stuff.
But again like what's there answering a $20 bottle of wine and a $10 bottle of wine go with the one
you thinks in it.
You know I have a story with another example what I would also like to do and this is something that
I would do in a case that maybe at a group that didn't want a wine bottle.
Maybe you have a group of people who are in their early 20s or something.
I'll have next to Garofoli square.
I used to walk down and they would give away free chocolate squares and at the entrance you walk in
and they have your choice of chocolate squares and the people who are handing them out they don't care.
They work from 9 to 5 for a flat wage.
So I just walk in circles and collect several of them.
And that's always great because they would leave the apartment and then they come back put the chocolates
on the pillow and that's nice because it has a flavor of San Francisco as a place.
You know Gerontius Square is in San Francisco.
So they feel like hey this is a very personal gift it's it's connected to San Francisco it's not like
I got them you know Hershey's bar or something.
It was free because I can just walk in circles and collect samples cheap nothing left that is a fantastic
way to make your guests happy.
And many times and my hosting experience it has saved the rental.
I just know it's going to be bad.
And how many things have gone wrong and it just sometimes just happens and so I try to save it by giving
gifts.
Worst case scenario it makes them think twice about giving you a bad review.
But it's something I definitely think you should consider doing the more thoughtful things you do like
that the more likely the gas is going to be happy.
Give a positive review.
You don't have to spend tons of time you know researching your gas and thinking about what they like.
Chances are they like chocolate.
Chances are they like wine.
Most human beings do.
So pick something that almost everybody likes and just make a system.
Buy in bulk beforehand.
Know when they're coming and know you know where you always set it up and you know and again maybe it
feels a little and personal but the same time they end up having a great experience.
You know what I used to do is write notes next to the bottle.
And I do handwritten notes and I'd write the same thing over and over and over again.
So I had a whole month's worth bready maybe changing details based on what the guests are.
But it's this is something you can just bang out very quickly.
Makes a huge difference in the reviews you get.
You guys have any other questions you have any ideas or experiences if you guys have tried this out
posted in the group discussion and we can kind of try to nitpick it.